hello and welcome to the grand finale of
the British school karting championship
2011 here at they turn a bill Keane's
now we have got 32 teams going to be
battling out on this very racecourse to
see who can take home the trophy of the
British cool karting championship 2011
we got the chapter of gay 2007 we had 22
teams at the London area since then it's
grown to hundreds of teams all over the
country almost 1350 drivers i think is
taking part this year and the idea is to
give yet teenage school children the
chance to race cars competitively
against you know some of the best
drivers in the country who they're going
to school that you know perhaps maybe
future foot 1 drivers and you get to
race kit is very very good people you
don't have to have a card to compete
everyone's on the same equipment so I
ride and drive knock out to an amazing I
think it's a great event I mean the
costs are fairly minimal I don't think
the students have put much in themselves
the school's paying a lot of the way and
I just think it's such a fantastic event
great day for its superb location and I
think the old guys have done a fantastic
job and what you guys think about at the
SKC is an event overall you think it's a
good event yeah it's like out and bow
school so it's just good at school
and you just come first so I just
grabbed you well done how you feeling
I'm really good I didn't expect that at
all sir I'm very happy about yeah what
do you think of the competition out
there is it tough that's some really
good drivers here today so i disappoint
no dirty staff no dice are not that much
and how about you had to get to race me
I always liked cars and everything and
always said I wanted to go to a go fine
team and then it just turned up in
school sophomore I'm not gonna in his
past
there is a future for participants they
can go quite a long way up the chain and
obviously if they then move into cars
they can get into the senior formula in
car racing vs kc is a really good
opportunity for students from all over
the country to take part and i think
it's a really good initiative and it's
got lots more potential in the future so
really excited to see it in few years
and you've just raised seven you go on
tell me where to come first yeah
how have you felt today has gone so far
so far today couldn't have gone much
better we've got two races left to go
but eight out of ten it's really tight
at the top we've had 95 drivers through
today but over the whole pool to the
championship is 1350 or driver something
like that so it really is the cream
we've got here today yeah go very well
we've got I think two more races left so
it's going back right down to the wire
and rebel Connie rebel racing you've
donated at or around their factory to
the winning team to be fantastic and
christened corners of like them alot to
their factories should be really good
day
and how you feeling about the race today
and I think you should be really good
fun and missing forward to it first and
we've done it and won the regionals on
the sammies and lots of schools here so
yeah it should be very good we've done
few practice sessions at our local track
so we've been trying to get em the other
two up to speech and then I'm only
joking oh well I've cytokine when I was
nice and run my dad really and then I've
gone into satisfaction Junior Series and
now in the box like Kurt 10 16 so isn't
it fantastic the kids who were like me
at school and love mucking around the
cars and engines and motorbikes can come
and race them represent their school in
something which is competitive so cost
effective it's um it's a fantastic thing
that there is a going on here with
rituals got your temperature it's been
really successful beautiful weather some
fantastic racing some of the best
drivers here in the country future from
fluid drives on vampire kid you not
okay so we've had a fantastic day here
today at daytona milton keynes we've had
three embracing beautiful sunshine
everyone's had fun and be in high
spirits and the winners are authoring
and grammar school well done guys and we
will see you next year I'm safely
reporting for newspaper
you